I have this morning, I saw a video.
We were talking to mother right before the podcast about the guy in India.
He was trying to convert them, apparently January Sam.
And they shot him full of arrows. Well,
the one of the last uncontacted tribes in the world,
but what a doofus what'd you think was going to happen? Right?
Jamie said the guy's been there before. Right? Did he say that?
So they knew him, the other guy? Well, I don't know.
The people that killed him knew him.
Wouldn't they say there's between 50 and a hundred people on this island.
I believe. See if he can get a good article on it.
Is that the number I'm trying to pull up?
So there was like 50 or 50 to 150 people. They don't exactly know.
Um, and they,
they came there just say from it's the size of Manhattan's an
island and they came there from Africa, like, what is it? 60,000 years ago.
I had read them. I don't remember exactly where.
They are wherever.
Earlier India. Yeah. Yeah. Somewhere in India or near, near, near India.
So island, this dude was trying to bring them to Jesus.
And they said, if you liked the guy, we'll introduce it to them.
They filled up full. Oh wow. It's in the middle of nowhere. Oh, that's.
That is in the middle of nowhere. So they came off of Africa.
That's crazy how the spread down,
see all that. That's crazy. Yeah. You know, it's interesting too,
in England they call, uh, people from India, Asians.
They think of that as Asia.
Cause it is [inaudible] but we got weird with Oriental at some point in time,
Oriental became derogatory some weird way. Yeah.
Oriental was normal. Like Oriental rugs.
That was like a thing you'd go to Oriental rugs. That's like,
if someone was saying, you know, spit toothpaste, like, Hey, Hey,
you can't say that anymore. But at one point in time, Oriental was like a total.
This is a real thing. Yeah. It was part of the language. Um,
but so now we say Asian, cause we try to be politically correct.
But Asia was giant.
There's a lot of different kinds of folks in Asia. You know, what, what were.
Those like? The, the people that ended.
Up on that island one dude, they people that.
Yeah. How the do you you're running away from something to end up.
Well, everybody's that's you know,
if you read about the migration of people from Africa spreading out,
that's a big part of what they're doing is trying to get away from people that
are trying to kill them. Yeah. Like it's all either they run out of resources,
they run out of food or they're being,
they're being forced out of areas like new people come in,
people escape and survive and did our entire history. As human beings.
It's like bigger, more powerful human beings,
move into an area and kill and rape and then spread,
spread out and then keep going. And everybody else just keeps going.
And then they eventually fortify in the distance and get a new city and they try
to hold them off. And the new people are coming through. I mean,
there's so many instances from the Mongols to the Romans being go back and back
and back all through history. But if you broke it down,
if you looked at it like a math problem, like what's happening here,
here's what's happening.
These groups of people get together and then they develop some that kills other
groups of people. And they push into those groups,
people and try to their checks, just steal their money, their checks,
eat their food. And then they do the same thing.
And then people go back and forth and, and this is all people have done.
Like there's never been a time where no one was at war.
Like if you've ever gone through human history, there's no like, well,
there was a period of a hundred years where there was no war.
It's never happened.
It never happened. You're the best guy to ask about this.
Isn't it impressive how they built those arrows. Right? The craftsmanship.
Cause they're proper.
Era. What they look like. They have pictures of the arrows.
But apparently he digested the arrows hitting him.
So the way I was thinking it was in order for an arrow to be done properly.
Right. And you could aim and then hit someone and kill them.
It has to go through the whole structure.
The pelvis. No, it doesn't have to. I mean,
especially the kid hit him a bunch of times. You know,
if they hit them a bunch of times, they got a shot him in the guts, arrows.
But I don't think they have arrows because they need them to survive. Right.
So there has gotta be island animals and they're hunting these animals,
but it's not that hard for these people in these kind of tribes to is if
they have the proper wood on the island, you know, they, um, they've been,
people have been making bows and arrows for a long time and they they'll use
certain fibers from certain trees and they weave them together and make a bow
string. And you know,
if they have enough good wood and they have good fiber and they
have the knowledge, I mean, even if they don't have metal, you could still,
to this day I found one in Nevada. I found an old,
I don't know what era it's from, but I found a, an Arrowhead, but what,
why was actually bow hunting?
I found an actual Arrowhead from some native American tribe that they'd left by.
And apparently they were like really common. Like people find them all the time.
Cause you think of the thousands of years that the indigenous people were here
and all the different animals they shot with bows and arrows.
They figured out how to do it. Yeah. So these people must know how to do it too.
And if they have enough good stone to make, you know,
something Flint or something similar to make the arrowheads,
or maybe they're using something toxic,
maybe they have some sort of toxic plant and they just dipping the tip of a
sharpen tip into it. Okay.
If you dip the tip in something toxic don't can you eat.
That meat? You can apparently, but.
Not the area.
Near the question. It's a good question. I don't know.
But a lot of these tribes that shoot things that they shoot things with poison
on the end of their arrows, you know? Yeah. Well, the idea is that they just,
they want to eat it. Right. They don't, if they don't hit it perfectly,
they're not going to wait for the perfect shot.
They're just trying to hit it so they can hit it in the or in the neck or
wherever the they hit it. If they have poison that thing's going to die,
you know, they use poison for a lot of weird to the, a use poison to fish.
It's really strange. They taped the poison, the fish. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy.
They take this plant and they smash it up and they make it.
It's like this green pea. I think that was that the Yanomami of, um,
some more maybe Bolivia, something like that.
It's one of those tribal peoples that lives almost,
almost uncontacted but still some con like they'll have like under Armour
t-shirts on and share it. It's weird. It's weird. But they, you know,
the barefoot and they take these plants and I forget what the con what plant it
is, but they smashed this plant up and make like this green pulp.
And then they put this pulp in these ponds and these fish just float.
It's some sort of toxin and it just these fish up and they just float up to the
top and then they go and scoop the fish and take them out of there.
But it like paralyzes them. It's not toxic to us, I guess. I don't know, man.
I mean, maybe they just said.
But I guess you, you have to be really hungry to think, okay,
I'm not killing enough or getting enough fruits or vegetables,
I'm going to poison these things.
And I'd rather die being poisoned than starving to death.
Well, I think these people have been on the edge of survival.
Like they've figured out survival down to like everything in their area.
They know what's edible. They know what's dangerous, what to avoid,
what to cultivate, what to seek out. They just, you know,
they know how to do it. So if these people are on a,
if it's a resource rich island,
it seems to be like an island in the middle of the ocean,
as long as they don't kill too much,
as long as they keep a certain healthy population of animals around.
And they're cognizant of that is this, these people,
the video I found on YouTube 2008 where some fishermen or someone found them and
gave 2000 coconuts. Wow. So these people apparently,
um, if you, if you follow the story,
they came from Africa 60 something thousand years ago. Wow.
And I guess probably during the ice age,
the coastline was very different, right? The water levels were way lower.
And then when the ice all melted the oceans rose, and then we get, we got now,
so maybe it was a much larger island or maybe it was like the bearing landmass
where you could get across it before.
And they must speak a language that no one else,
not even close to anything else since it's been like so long.
Man, here's it combined with Lang throw it here is combined with body language.
They seem to have a link. Hmm.
So they were like telling them to throw things and they giving them coconuts.
That's pretty cool.
It's crazy how friendly they are without knowing who the person is and where
they're from. Well, I mean the dudes giving them free food.
So I think they're pumped. Yeah. Again, a bunch of free coconuts.
That's definitely a way to confront with people. Yeah.
That guy, if that guy had coconuts, instead of a Bible.
I may still be alive. He probably through Bibles. They're like, you it.
Date, the Bible. They're like.
Look at that. Imagine some guy just showing up and giving you free food.
Can you see my Dick? Is that, what is it?
What is this video videos outrageous. That's a real translation. Yeah. Yeah.
I, I really, um, so it says a wooden acts similar to a mountain. Yeah.
That's a crazy looking and carried by all men. So they, yeah.
So they might not even have like metal.
It seems like if he's got a wooden ax, I wonder if they have what,
what they're using for arrowheads and stuff like that.
This kind of interests me. Oh dude. It's fascinating, man. The thing is,
it's real. What's weird about it is you can't really go there like yeah.
Jay, you guys ever read or watch that, um, that movie about, um,
the city of Z, the lost city of Z, is that what it was called? It was about, uh,
an Explorer from England who amaze way to south America and eventually got eaten
by cannibals, allegedly they think, oh,
but he was looking for this last Mayan or Aztec city. Was it a Mayan city?
Lost city of Z? Uh, Amazon. Yeah. So he was looking for some,
you know, apparently, and they've, they know this for sure.
Now there's some really, really,
really ancient cities in the Amazon and they don't know what they are.
They don't know from when they don't know who, who built them.
So they don't even know from who the it's different culture. Well,
it's a culture that's long gone. And it's the,
the area where they had the city has been absorbed by the jungle. So they,
they find it,
I think either from satellites or from some kind of imagery where they're
noticing these really obvious grid patterns that indicate irrigation
and that they had fields and they had streets.
And so this there's this English Explorer. What was the gentleman's name?
Harry faucet. Here's it? Yeah. It's the, book's not bad per se. Percy faucet.
And so this, this dude, uh, went to the jungles of Brazil, uh,
multiple times looking for this lost city of gold, 1860. So yeah,
so he, it was really, it's a cool movie, but not, it's not the best movie,
but it's cool. Cause it's like you, you get to see the lost city of Z.
He found it before he was killed. No, no, no.
He found something he found. So I don't want to spoil the movie,
but it's um, it's not a bad movie.
What's interesting to me is that these people,
you just got to put yourself in the mind of people that lived in 1860 and they,
they literally had no idea what the was going on in south America. They just,
but someone would come back.
And so Arthur has a story of his journeys down the jungle
river and the guy would stand up.
We met that uncontacted tribe and they would talk about I've brought back pot
pottery. And this is a spearhead and you know,
and here's drawings of the animals that I saw.
He's got drawings of crocodiles and giant Paranas and sh.